Hi! I'm Aaron Shaw. I began coding at 8 years old when I stumbled across my dad's antique PC stash. He helped me build my first computer (a intel 486 powered turtle) and taught me  how to install Windows 3.1 and program in QBasic. From there, I taught myself Visual Basic and then C# building any application I thought would be interesting or adding features I  thought would help improve the program in some way. After attending college, I changed my career base and started learning the automotive repair industry. From there, I joined my  dad's company as an electrician. The analytical and problem-solving skills I developed in those fields have proven to be directly applicable to software engineering, a passion I am now focused on pursuing full-time. That brings us to today. This mass of knowledge in many different languages (such as C#, WPF, Java, Django, Python, x86assembly, etc) and my  eagerness to learn and futher my skills continues to grow. I'm currently formalizing this knowledge and building my portfolio with modern web development technologies, specifically using Ruby and JavaScript through The Odin Project.

Outside of programming and Software Engineering, I like to play guitar and write music. Green Day and Blink 182 are heavily responsible for that hobby. I also enjoy playing video games. My latest interests are Phasmophobia and Old School Runescape. But there's always the trusty old Minecraft. 

I'm here actively seeking my first professional role in software engineering and am excited to contribute my skills and passion to a great team.
